docs(miniflare): add description for `defaultPersistRoot` (#9372)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: packages/miniflare/README.md

Represents where data should be persisted, if anywhere.

> - If this is `undefined`, defaults to `true` if `defaultPersistRoot` is set,
>   otherwise `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If this is `undefined`, it defaults to `true` if `defaultPersistRoot` is set
  or otherwise defaults to `false`.
```

- If this is`false`, data will be stored in-memory and only
  persist between `Miniflare#setOptions()` calls, not restarts nor
  `new Miniflare` instances.

> - If this is `true`, data will be stored on the `defaultPersistRoot` path or `$PWD/.mf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If this is `true`, data will be stored in a subdirectory of the `defaultPersistRoot` path or `$PWD/.mf`
```
